# Project-4-IGME.230

My goal for this final project is to make an experience similar to an interactive story book. The "home page" of the project will be the landing page and will introduce the user to the project. The three pages will each contain a different aspect of animation. For instance, I want the first page to be about animating text as I plan for there to be a conversation between two characters. The background will remain the static. However, I do want to make some interactivity on this page besides the text. There will be a number of small icons/buttons in the background that will do something upon being clicked. In the second page, I want to make a more straight forward animation play out. All the user would do on this page would be to click a play/pause button to let the animation play out. The goal of the third and final page would be to make a small and simple game to act as the climax to the story. I've started to test things out with anime.js for coding things. If I find that I will need more than just anime.js, then I will extend my reach to others forms of coding. Since I want this page to be extremely personalized, I want to create svg's of images which I create. You can see the designs of them in the image of my sketch.

Update: 12/3
I have just finished the javascript for my first page. When I first started the javascript for that page I planned on using anime.js. However, I ran into complications with the library and couldn't get it to work properly. Figuring that I didn't want to get stuck at this one point for too long I decided to go back to another library that I tried about before, GreenSock.js. Within the first minutes of using Greensock.js, things were already animating better than they were with anime.js. If I find that I still need it, I will go back to anime.js if need be.
